Add Nushell example plugin reference to Plugins (#1912)
nushell/nushell.github.io: contributor-book/plugins.md

Nushell rocks!
```

> For a full example, see [`nu_plugin_example` in the Nushell source repository](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/tree/main/crates/nu_plugin_example).

Reviewer: We will soon be removing that path. The new path will be https://github.com/nushell/plugin-examples/tree/main/rust/nu_plugin_example

Author: ```suggestion
For a full example, see [`nu_plugin_example` in the Nushell source repository](https://github.com/nushell/plugin-examples/tree/main/rust/nu_plugin_example).
```
